Prometheus: Incremental querying option for `to: now` dashboards (#62932)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/prometheus/_index.md

Grafana refers to such variables as template variables.

For details, see the [template variables documentation]({{< relref "./template-variables/" >}}).

## Incremental Dashboard Queries (beta)

> As of Grafana 9.5, data sources can be configured to query dashboards incrementally, instead of querying the entire duration on each dashboard refresh.

Author: Grafana 10, right?

Grafana refers to such variables as template variables.

For details, see the [template variables documentation]({{< relref "./template-variables/" >}}).

## Incremental Dashboard Queries (beta)

> As of Grafana 10, data sources can be configured to query live dashboards incrementally, instead of re-querying the entire duration on each dashboard refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Grafana 10, the Prometheus data source can be configured to query live dashboards incrementally, instead of re-querying the entire duration on each dashboard refresh.
```
